20260429 pay for priority [GEN-7711] (#130)
marinade-finance/psr-dashboard: public/docs/GUIDE.md

**Key Metrics:**

- **Stake To Distribute** &mdash; Stake cooled down in the previous epoch and available to re-delegate next epoch
- **Winning APY** &mdash; Estimated APY of the last validator winning the auction

> - **Projected APY** &mdash; Estimated APY of currently active stake (assumes no Marinade fees)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Projected APY** &mdash; Estimated APY of currently active stake
```

- **Effective Bid**: The actual payment, capped at the winning threshold

In a last-price auction, validators may pay less than their maximum bid since all winners pay the clearing price.

> Activating stake is charged separately at the overbid rate (St. Bid − Eff. Bid) — see the

Author: ```suggestion
Activating stake is charged separately at rate equal to St. Bid − Eff. Bid — see the
```
